(900) The ULTIMATE Funnel For Selling High Ticket Services - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7aqpkk57Ts

Transcript:
(00:00) hello and welcome to the video my name is Jeremy Haynes and I've been an agency owner operating in several niches where I've gotten businesses to a million dollars a month now for over a decade one of my favorite go-to advertising strategies SL like funnel strategies in order to get high ticket businesses to that level is typically a call funnel okay just to be clear I Define a call funnel as we are trying to get a application filled out to qualify somebody the qualified person then is allowed to schedule a booked call in
(00:29) some instances depending on the business and the availability they will take the unqualified people and they'll still downsell them to other things typically through Setters ideally there's also a team of Setters that can reach out to people who are qualified in the application but didn't schedule for whatever reason and once again the people who are qualified from the application are then scheduling calls directly with closers that process paired with a high ticket solid offer one of the best most predictable and
(00:53) reliable ways to hit a million dollars a month it's simple math and as I mentioned it has one of the highest probabilities out of any other funnel right now especially once again for any kind of high ticket product or service um to hit that level I'm going to go through in this video some of the core lessons that make that funnel work I'm going to also go through some of the core lessons that make that funnel not work and by the end of this I hope that you have a lot more confidence and certainty in this specific advertising
(01:17) slf funnel strategy in order to go out there and crush your million doll months okay so let's dive in and let's get started straight away so to be clear when it comes to call funnels that get to a million dollar a month I just want to be clear it all starts with a great offer if if you've got a offer just stop watching this video and just go make yourself a great offer you have to have an offer that is solid okay otherwise there is so much friction that you're going to encounter by friction I mean your sales team's
(01:45) going to have a harder time selling your sales process is going to be super long like multi- weeks to multi months long your uh marketing costs are just all going to be higher like cost per call cost per qualified call quantity of people that actually show up like every cost just goes through the roof length of time and like sales statistics also fall dramatically once again when you just don't have a great offer whereas in comparatively if you have a great offer all marketing stats are really low cost per calls really low cost per qualified
(02:11) calls really low cost per showed up calls really low show rates are high close rates are high sales Cycles are short it's it's dramatic once again just based on offer so if you've ever tried to call funnel you experienced like a lot of friction and you're thinking to yourself like oh my marketer sucks or like oh my sales team sucks just to be fair that could be true I'm not saying it's not true okay you could have a shitty marketer you could have a shitty sales team that's definitely probable to
(02:33) happen however more times than not you just have a terrible offer um terrible offer meaning people just don't want it you know it's not something that's in demand it's not something that people already have a lot of beliefs and opinions and ideas about it's not like a need it's more like a want you know and you got to convince people of it that's going to create a hard time here just to be clear okay now assuming you do have a great offer let's Dive Right into what makes this work okay so first of all
(02:53) ideally you have a high ticket product or service okay High ticket I typically Define as anything that's above 5K and I just want to be clear to all my big dogs out there uh we work with you too and we've gotten a lot of results inside of that space I'm just talking minimums here which I don't typically like to talk in $5,000 is generally the lowest in terms of uh once again what the cost should be sometimes sometimes you can get away with $3,500 however I like to work with 5K minimums okay and to be clear there's
(03:23) really no cap in terms of how much you can charge like we've had people that we raise capital for that run call fun that without exaggeration you have to be a credited investor and you have to have a minimum of a million dollar to even talk to these guys and we get 46% of that person's leads to come through with 5 million plus so as an example there's no cap okay in terms of what you can charge what you can generate for a product or service cost now assuming once again you have a great offer you have a high
(03:48) ticket product or service okay there's a few variables that make this work number one is great marketing now to be clear when you're selling to a richer demographic and I have an entire video by the way on how to sell to a rich demographic and I have a completely different video on how to advertise to a rich demographic when it comes to advertising to Rich demographics or whoever you're advertising to that's specifically going to buy whatever High ticket product or service you have these types of funnels are generally direct
(04:12) response marketing and it's important to note when I say this that they incorporate content advertising like little propaganda machines and I named this specific strategy the reverse fly trap I also have other content ad strategies for bigger versions of this where we incorporate what we refer to as the tornado um the hammer them strategy like there's some specific strategies that we have that we specifically have on the client side right now that uh in the coming weeks and months as we continue to develop them further and
(04:40) just you know make sure that they're continue working at at a scale across many niches we'll reveal them to our Inner Circle students and then we reveal them out to our Master internet marketing students that follow so long story short the content ad strategies are typically paired with our direct response strategies all right now long story short when I say great marketing okay great marketing means that your hidden kpis you ideally have this entire call funnel start with a very like desirable for everybody cost per call
(05:08) add varies give or take what you're selling and all the other statistics that follow you map this out with first of all a cost per application you then have your cost per call you then typically have a show rate you then have a close rate these stats ideally in terms of like cost per application and cost per call I care much more about the cost per call than I do a cost per application I generally will optimize the entirety of my campaigns towards only sending data back to the pixel that is a qualified scheduled call I don't
(05:42) even like to send the qualified applications back to the pixel unless they booked a call I don't send anybody that's unqualified back to the pixel that way we play into pixel conditioning okay we make it easier to have great statistics I've seen cost per calls that range as low as 50 all the way up to 900 and they can still be deemed as a great rate cost per call it depends on all these other statistics that follow if I have a show rate that nowadays usually the lowest average show rates are about
(06:07) 50% nowadays the highest show rates are generally like 70 to 80% give or give or take the business now to be clear if your show rate is higher you can tolerate a higher cost per call if your show rate is lower you have to tolerate a lower cost per call if your total cost your aov the actual amount that you cash collect this being higher obviously leads to you being able to experience higher cost per calls lower show rates lower close rates and everything still works out tremendously profitable for you in the business to be clear you want
(06:37) to mathematically quantify all this stuff in a financial model and these statistics are what you want to model it out with we have our ad spend up here we take that we look at how many calls we're going to generate based on the cost per call we look at how many people are actually going to show up and talk to the closers we then look at that total close rate percentage for how many people are actually probable to buy after they show up we then take take that amount of people that buy we multiply it times the quantity of
(07:04) dollars that we're generating in the business and we spit out the total amount of gross rev that gets generated and we take that we look at the ad spend that we put in and we say okay great we then want to factor out commissions to everybody first of all sales team potentially marketers in terms of rev shares uh we want to factor out the expenses of the business and then we want to get our net okay and our net obviously needs to be greater than what our ad spend is in order for this whole thing to work out mathematically in our
(07:33) favor if your marketer is not doing like that you have the wrong marketer because you can financially project out profitability just by plugging in these statistics that we just covered here and if you start off with that and you're aware ahead of time of what the kpis need to be within the call funnel every one of these statistics from marketers and salese can then be held accountable to achieving those statistics okay this all has to work out mathematically before you even go into it so once again we'll then start doing direct response
(08:00) advertising assuming the math checks out our direct response advertising is generally very simple we have ads that are typically 60 seconds to 2 minutes long in some instances they're a little longer depending on the demographic if for selling to rich people they're shorter if for selling to a less financially qualified demographic then we're going to make them a little longer um to be clear Those ads are very simple it's hey we've got this offer or this product or service this is why people
(08:22) like you need it call to action go talk to our team about it schedule a call and we'll go through all the details with you you're generally getting somebody when it comes to marketing that's in a few different levels of Interest okay you have ideally in terms of where deals get done this is the highest level of Interest the lowest level of interest is typically curious your sales team will hate talking to curious people however most leads and you know most sales people sales people obviously need
(08:50) to operate with the highest level of Interest possible in order for a deal to get done that barrier of Interest has to be crossed both parties have to be at the same level leads will typically start somewhere between curious and the level above that which is just general interest okay general interest is interesting because they will come off as like warmer than a curious lead but the sales team will typically still interpret them as cold the sales people has to be framed on two things and so does the marketing team this lesson
(09:16) applies to both we have to be able to take leads and successfully incrementally work them up level by level together the sales team and the marketing team combined have to work these interest levels up and there's typically once again like two to four interest levels that you have to incrementally bump people to so the intention of the direct response in a call funnel is to generate a qualified scheduled call now just to be clear before I digress the funnels that we're going to drive the traffic to are
(09:43) typically and literally this simple we'll have our headline we'll typically plug in what we refer to as a mini webinar and these mini webinars are are a structured templated presentation that we typically have our clients create they're usually about 5 to like 15 minutes in length and they're very direct they're structured in a very particular Way Beyond that what we'll typically do is we will have our application below that and our application is usually on type form uh we like type form because it integrates
(10:14) with cly and we can dramatically reduce our drop off between the application and the scheduler if your scheduler and application are separated typically you're going to get a 50% drop in the quantity of qualified people that apply that schedule you'll just get 50% of them that just won't schedule a call versus if the application and the scheduler are together and this is a very important lesson here and and this to be clear once again in terms of like the tech is type form and cly type form has a native cly integration some of you
(10:50) guys I know you're sitting here listening to this and you're like oh I can do a go high level application and then a separate scheduler that is breaking the lesson I just talked about will get a 50% drop some of you will use like a a HubSpot you know the HubSpot people that spend so much money on their crms every year they are just they hate having to spend money on any other software when they realize that HubSpot still didn't do as promised and achieve the all-in-one CRM so they don't ever have to buy another
(11:19) software again remember it's as simple as this type form and caly in this case have a integration together where when the person is going through the application they fill out the application and they don't leave to another page just if they're qualified you have a logic tree that's created and then if the person's qualified they'll go to the step in the logic tree that's the caly scheduler embedded right there inside of the application to the lead it looks like this is just a step they have
(11:46) to accomplish in order to technically submit their application so if they get that far in the application process and they fail to schedule the call when it's integrated into the application then they look at all that time they just went into the application is wasted so there's a really really high probability I do not exaggerate when I say this it is damn near 100% or like 99% that will fill out the application and then schedule a call you will mitigate the 50% drop off with qualified people not scheduling when you integrate with that
(12:13) specific Tech setup so like I said headline mini webinar vssl or or in some cases just a vssl if the client's really good at shooting that kind of stuff and then an application that has the scheduler embedded into it that way the rest of our funnel is this simple we then drive people to a simple confirmation page so after they book The call it's like a confirmation SL like thank you page this page usually has a fuckload of information on it it has a bunch of framing material it has like some general information on just making
(12:41) sure they show up it's important to note like the laziest marketers who are the literal worst what they'll do on their confirmation page is they'll tell clients and they'll like make the confirmation page like make sure you show up to the call like make sure you show up like don't waste time like show up to the that suck that is like terrible marketing you have to be able to persuade and sell tell people to show up to the call that's a critical thing that has to occur between the booking
(13:04) and the time that the call actually occurs so we have a whole strategy I'll refer to here in a moment but my point being the people are qualified they're going to a confirmation slth than you page that has a lot of Education a lot of like video lessons a lot of framing lessons when they've booked a call don't just assume they're sold remember the interest benchmarks they're likely just curious or have a general interest level you are now responsible for working them up to a great greater Point within that
(13:30) Spectrum so that all starts on the confirmation page that's like step one of the process okay step two of the process is your marketing Automation and then to be clear kind of happening at the same time and this is this to be clear is your emails and your texts and then in addition to that like at the same time you start to deploy a Content ad strategy okay now let me dig into both of these real quick so you can understand them the the emails and the text this is a high frequency okay much higher than you are likely comfortable
(13:59) with I in my background have learned that as an example if I have 48 hours okay so if I have a total of two full days okay where this is when the call occurs and this is when they schedule okay this specific window I am going to Hammer these people with as much framing content as much education content as I possibly can and like I said I'm going to do that via emails text and my content ad strategies and I'm going to do so at a very high frequency so as an example I have a client right now where I have an email
(14:30) going out for the 12 hours from like 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. every 2 hours and then their average call happens within 48 hours so in the first 24 hours there are six emails that get sent to that person okay and that's just in the first half of the day so it's like 6:00 a.m. to uh to 6:00 p.m.
(14:48) once again 12 total hours I'm sending six emails once every 2 hours the second day in addition to the first day I'm sending another six so within this 48 hours there's a total of 12 emails okay okay the texts I'm using for the reminders the emails are not reminders the emails are framing and education content okay the emails and this is so important to understand like some of you sitting here that are just trash at what you do you you sitting here and you're like oh my God that's so many emails like what the hell am I
(15:15) going to say like that's that's so aggressive no you're misunderstanding when somebody has a level of Interest that's just curious or general you have to do so much like we see our statistics when we do the 12 emails no exaggeration between like 50 and 80% open rates people eat this up before a call I'll give you a great example I hate taxes okay I hate them I pay so much in taxes it's an obscene amount I won't sit here and bore you but my point is as I'm sure you do too you hate taxes okay I
(15:42) live in the United States where I get absolutely milked I'm just a little tax cow that just continuously gets milked every quarter and that's my job as an American citizen is to pay for like you know a single missile every month with my tax dollar okay or like a pothole repair or some ridiculous amount of money we spend now my point being I got advertised an opportunity Dubai the promise in the ad was hey if you're an American citizen we can create a company in Dubai you can take essentially all the money that comes
(16:08) through your company and move it through this Dubai entity and therefore you'll zero out your American tax dollars because you won't report any profit within the United States all of your profit will be reported in Dubai and your Dubai profit to be clear won't be taxed now to be fair since then they've introduced a 9% corporate tax rate I digress my point being at the time this was a 0% tax country country and state within that country so I thought to myself all right great sounds like a cool opportunity like let me schedule a
(16:34) call with them and I'm interested I hate taxes uh would love to hear them out now the call booking was way longer than 48 hours it was like a week away from when I booked the call so they had a full 7 days where they could have hammered me with a shitload of education and framing material obviously when you can start to kind of understand what I'm saying here you can realize like there is a lot of questions objections and like General things I need to know like like how does that work can you send me any kind of
(17:01) like testimonials or case studies from people that are similar to me that have like made the amount of money I've made that like have done this too and actually like had a few years passed by since they've done it and say like yeah I haven't got in trouble I haven't gotten audited like nothing bad happened you know it work like dude they didn't send they didn't send me any framing material they didn't try to overcome a single objection that was probable to come up on the sales call
(17:20) before the sales call they didn't do anything essentially sell me and increase my interest level before this call so I go out which anybody does this is the mistake that businesses make when they don't Hammer people when they do not put the content in front of the lead the lead will find the content regardless or they won't find anything in their interest level will fall back to I Don't Give a levels of Interest they won't show up if you struggle with a with a show rate issue you are not selling people on showing up
(17:46) so in this case I start doing my research I watch like a handful of videos and I I go back and forth I think with chat GPT I also asked my tax attorney and my tax accountant and they all told me the same exact thing the videos told me the same thing Chad gbt told me the same thing my tax professionals all told me the same thing they said nope that's not going to work you're going to be you still have to report your foreign earnings and you're going to get taxed on it and you also increase your probability of audit
(18:08) tremendously going from the amount that you've reported within that legal entity for the business down to zero the following years like you know you you open yourself up to historical tax liability as a result of doing that and future tax liability of doing that in terms of the audit results and you know it's it's a terrible idea so in that 7 days that was what I was framed on okay and the company didn't do anything to provide me material or education to bias me in their favor so I don't show up for
(18:34) the call my interest level goes from like Curious SL like general interest to zero I don't care I'm not showing up anymore wasted time and that company probably sits there and they're like oh my God like why is our show rate so low because of that like people don't just sit around for things that they want they do research they look up they see if it's going to be a good idea or a bad idea regardless of whether you're giving them the information or not when somebody starts a process like
(18:56) potentially getting on a call with your organization like yes this is not a lot of emails 12 emails within 48 Hours you might think is a lot dude I would have gone through literally all 12 emails in every video they sent within those 12 emails in in a day if they would have sent them to me from how much money that tax problem C causes me on a year-over-year basis it is a high priority for me to solve that problem the leads who are in that kind of position they appreciate that stuff they want that stuff the emails they just
(19:22) can't be the stupid selfish like hey you got a call coming up like make sure you show fre scheduled call that is the worst worst way to go about doing it what you have to do is you have to send educational framing based material that is actually helpful to your lead's research process that is what you want to supplement them with you want to supplement them with what they would otherwise look up what is a lead probable to look up testimonials reviews thirdparty reviews and not just like hey look at this guy who made this
(19:51) amount of money like in-depth verifiable I can click on a link and DM the guy on Instagram or message him on LinkedIn or some like that and Conta that lead in between me and that call coming up you know like real not like things that look easily fake like real testimony when I say value and education what I'm trying to say is once again like research based information take the actual objections take like the process that occurs after they buy walk me through like the timeline for stuff give me an expectations video like tell me once
(20:19) again like what's probable to occur what's good and bad about it you know like be transparent help me do my research that's what those emails are for the texts are for reminders you don't do as many texts we might do like four texts you know the day of confirmation a 24-hour out a 2H hour out and like a 5 minute out like a 10-minute out and the text Will incorporate like hey here's the link to join the zoom you know it'll be a little different for each one but we'll make sure that they
(20:41) get at least four texts if it's a 48 hour example if it's 72 hours we'll typically add a fit text so the content ad strategies this is where we will take a dynamically updating list we'll put it into Facebook and Instagram sometimes Tik Tok as well and we will Hammer these people so as an example of this I have a client right now their average frequen quency is 11 within 48 hours that means I hammer people with 11 pieces of content within a 48 hour period of time I typically take about 25 total pieces of content okay and I put
(21:11) it in to a campaign that is optimized for engagement I then go to the ad set level and I make sure that I have one piece of content inside of each ad set okay and I do that so I can add an exclusion audience to each ad set for the video within that ad set that essentially means just to keep it simple as soon as somebody sees that video 3 seconds or more they never see that video again and they'll immediately be rotated into one of the other 25 videos that I'm trying to hammer them with okay in addition to that the targeting is
(21:41) very simple I will take a customer list of the emails and phone numbers ideally first and last name as well of the people who are scheduling calls within a rolling window for whatever the sales cycle timeline is okay so as an example if the show ratees within 48 Hours okay on average I might do like a 4day audience for this and it depends as well on the volume that you're working with like we typically work with a high volume of calls when we do deals cuz you know we're trying to make a fuckload of money for the client and our and
(22:06) ourselves to be clear though like when we first launch a client like we might have to do a longer timeline we might have to do like a 3 we or a 4- week audience for this customer list because to be clear we might not have more than 100 calls so if we don't have a 100 people in that customer list that have successfully matched meaning Facebook can Target them out of all those people you uploaded then you're not even going to be able to use that audience in you're targeting so whatever amount of time simply put is your answer here like
(22:31) you want to create in your marketing automation essentially a way to dynamically add and remove somebody from that very customer list in that defined timeline so as an example let's just let's just say it's 3 weeks okay so you have at least 100 people on a rolling 3we basis that'll always be in this audience at a minimum ideally more okay and with that audience in my marketing automation like active campaign HubSpot go high level like pretty much every CRM does this besides the shitty ones okay
(22:57) you can also do this in zap you're in the instance that your marketing automation software can't do this okay however what you're going to do is you're going to add in your workflow the actual marketing automation itself you're going to say okay so when somebody books a call first thing we're going to do is we're going to add them into the they booked a call audience on Facebook and Tik Tok okay and then once they go into that audience 14 days from then or 2 weeks from then or whatever
(23:17) time timeline it is for you they're going to be removed from that audience that's what dynamically updating is it means people get added people get removed automatically via the marketing automation okay now I'm going to take content that helps with three main things framing objection handling and the same things that we talked about in the emails I'm going to do education I'm going to do a little bit of like the get to know you I'm going to try to help them with testimonials I'm going to do
(23:44) everything I can anything that's essentially what makes sense to put inside of that campaign I'm going to put inside of that campaign as many pieces of content I as I have and as many pieces of content that I can create okay now to be clear all of this is typically once again about a 48 hour window ideally for them just getting hammered that way we get there in interest levels incrementally up because you know what the sales people love the sales people love when somebody comes to them that is typically at this point or
(24:14) higher okay they'll take people at general interest or higher but if they talk to anybody that's lower than that they're going to articulate them as like oh this person wasn't interested you know like this person's not hot enough like they're going to say a bunch of like that you want to make sure that you Hammer people as the marketing side of okay now long story short this combination of what I've already talked about if you if you like literally just do this stuff and you have one of the
(24:35) worst sales teams on Earth they'll still have a tremendous time because you'll essentially turn them into cashiers when you do this they're just going to be order takers and that's ideally the job of the marketer the marketer's job is to make it as easy as they possibly can on the sales team simple as that okay to be clear what happens in addition to the good marketing obviously we need great sales people okay we need proper structure in this whole thing we need sales people that have proper sales man
(24:58) management consistent sales training accountability the bottom sales people get fired and are not tolerated more than like a month the sales people have like high morale the salese aren't getting overpaid like they understand they need to get way richer than whatever amount they max out at every month their highest month needs to be looked at as like not enough they need to be in a Perpetual state of like I need more money I need to close people I need more deals you know what I mean they need to update the CRM the sales
(25:23) team needs to go out of their way and do manual things that help the show rate process like send selfie videos introduce ing themselves actually take the time to update the pipeline stages in the CRM follow up with people you know and sometimes this can be done by a Setter or a cleaner um there's all kinds of stuff you could do but I just want to be clear you got to have a great sales team if you've got a great offer you got great marketing and you got to properly run wellmaintained great sales team with
(25:46) some talented people in there dude you're going to have an awesome time you're going to increase your probability to hit a million a month so simply okay the last little caveat to this just to close this video out and I talk about this quite frequently if you haven't noticed and you've watched some of my other videos you have to do the scaling math okay with a call funnel it's really easy to be able to ask the closing team hey how many call slots are available per day are you already maxed
(26:10) out are you a little bit below it are you nowhere near it and you then as the marketing side of the business you've got your responsibility is to obviously max out the total quantity of available call slots in a day and when you successfully do that or you get close to it the sales team's job is to hire new Setters and new closers before or like it's a very fine balance here okay that I'm trying to articulate to you as the marketing team pushes the total quantity of book calls to damn near the limit
(26:38) nothing can move after that once the hard limit of total calls per day available to book into is reached like it's over you can't scale beyond that until New closers are added and as almost all of you sitting here know who have gone through this process before and you know for a fact it takes a good couple weeks like you got to recruit train ideally get them on a few calls with a person and then you can put them on the calendar fully and and that takes like 3 4 weeks sometimes so you have to be able to like right before you're
(27:04) about to get fully booked the marketing team has to be able to relay to the sales team like hey I noticed you're about to get fully booked the sales team needs to confirm it and then they need to be like all right well I can fully book you out within like 2 weeks you know at based on my current scaling math So based on that like you need to start hiring somebody and you need to get them trained and onboarded in 3 weeks that way we only have like a few days of downtime and not being able to scale the most ideal scenario is is you're scaling
(27:30) perpetually you never have a window where you have to like stop scaling because the sales team has to hire more people the sales team aren't going to want to hire more people though especially if you're working with a sales agency because their reputation's on the line like they need good top talent and if they can't fill that person's calendar in in a very short window like the top talent's not going to want to work for that organization so long story short it's like a fine balance of the sales team is going to
(27:52) naturally have an incentive to like wait until they're maxed out to actually go and hire somebody but if the sales team does that you're not going to be able to scale for like 3 to 4 weeks so the sales team has to be comfortable with essentially once again hiring ahead of time that way by the time you do actually hit the limit right away you can bring on another person a closer into the scheduler so then the scaling process can perpetuate from there I'm telling you now you do all this you have a really high probability to hit a
(28:14) million a month and then some like you you can scale Way Beyond that our highest clients do 5 million a month with call funnels to be clear the other reason I I just love call funnels they're so predictable they're so predictable as long as everything continues to hold they're just they're one of my favorite funnels by far so anyway long story short if you want literal examples of call funnels if you want me to review your call funnel if you want me to go through like scaling math with you if you want me to like
(28:34) just audit everything you got going on share email examples with you go through detailed content examples of what you need you got to pay the boy okay you're going to come into my inner circle program if you're rich and you want to get a whole lot richer you got to pay 2K a month or whatever the price currently is cuz we may have had to jack it up if there's a lot of interest on it give or take the time you're watching this video in the future my point being twice a month one-on-one calls weekly group
(28:55) calls on topics just like this in even more detail today is Saturday I did a call today our weekly group calls are on Saturday it's an hour and a half long we went through video by video by video one of my clients doing a couple million dollars a month for the exact content that they used and we as a group went through each other's content ensured that they all understood how to turn around and go take action on it so they could use that set of lessons immediately and go film and get it in motion we go through the detailed
(29:21) tactics obviously how to set it all up and all that fun stuff we do four times a year masterminds in person we record them all if you can't come in person that's fine you can watch them later on it's it's the best program it's the best program if you're rich and you want to get a whole lot richer I'm excited to welcome you in if you're the right kind of person if you're not financially qualified for that yet or you just don't really want to be a part of it yet I have my master internet marketing
(29:40) program which goes through all kinds of information like this in extreme depth it's a 7we live class uh give or take the time of year that you join if we're not doing a live class you'll get access to the most recent cohorts recordings and you'll have immediate access to go through hours and hours and hours of in-depth information like this and you'll get added into that Community I'm really excited to help you out and help you get a whole lot richer yourself hopefully you join into one of those if
(30:00) not like subscribe comment we'll watch a few more videos and uh go get a whole lot richer talk soon

(900) The ONLY Guide You Need To Build Wildly Profitable VSL Call Funnels - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEwwAvTY1B4

Transcript:
(00:00) CallFunnel best practices. We're going to be going through what you need to do on the funnel ad strategy, follow-up ad strategy, email marketing best practices, confirmation page best practices, even some salespeople best practices in this video in order to maximize ROI and revenue that can come from call funnels.
(00:17) If you're new to the channel, welcome in. My name is Jeremy Haynes. Out of the 41 different businesses that we've helped scale up to million-dollar months, CallFunnels have been a very core funnel. in some instances the only funnel that's been used to scale those businesses up. And I love talking about call funnels.
(00:34) They're one of my absolute favorite things. They just make so much money, you know? They're just so good. So anyway, without further ado, we're going to dive right in. Again, if you're new to the channel, all we talk about around here is hitting million-dollar months. Uh it's very exciting and uh hopefully you can ideally punch up yourself when you learn some of the lessons from the people who have already gotten there.
(00:54) We don't make income claims here. we just hand down the best practices from all these different businesses that we've worked with to you. Uh again, if you're already a subscriber, welcome back. This one should be a banger. Okay, so CallFunnels, let's get started with the ads themselves.
(01:09) So, one thing that we've noticed is talking head ads, which is just like what you're experiencing right now. Somebody sitting down talking to the camera and walking through a very standard set of direct response ads can work phenomenal at getting people to book calls. The issue is is you don't want the wrong types of people coming through the funnels.
(01:28) We have an entire video on this channel dedicated to what we call pixel conditioning best practices, which I would absolutely encourage that you watch thoroughly. Don't skip around in it. Watch the entirety of that video because it talks about the importance of sending back the right people and never allowing the wrong people to come through.
(01:47) And there's many different ways you can go about doing that. This specific video has all of the current best practices that we are implementing literally right now into CallFunnels to get them to work. So, let's talk about the funnel itself. They are still as simple as what we've historically ran them.
(02:03) We do a headline, we do a video, and we do an application. We still today have not found any replacement for the Type Form Cowanly combo. Type form and Calendarly integrate with each other. I know some of you guys pay a [ __ ] exorbitant amount of money for HubSpot. Uh, I know some of you obviously use go high level and then some of you use like some other random [ __ ] Um, I don't care, okay? I don't care at all when a client tells me like, "Hey, uh, I want to maximize like using literally every single thing that
(02:30) we can in HubSpot that's available to us." Or like when somebody that's paying low couple hundred bucks for go high levels like, "Oh, well, they have [ __ ] applications and calendars. Like, why wouldn't we use theirs?" Look, I will always test it, okay? I don't want to be right.
(02:43) I just want to make money. There are occasional clients that we still scale at a million- dollar months that don't use this exact combination that use like type form and schedule once or [ __ ] go high level and you know whatever. The uh the point I'm trying to make though is the clients that have the lowest cost per qualified call they use type form and countly.
(03:02) So whenever I get my way in the deal and I can tell them like hey do this it's going to get us the cheapest cost per qualified call. That's what I'm doing. And obviously when we're running a call funnel and we're looking at our financial models that we've created for it, the lower the cost per qualified call, the more profit that we make.
(03:18) Okay. So, you know, we want to start there, right? Okay. Anyway, um generally from there, we'll end up having two different outcomes for where people can go. We will have a qualified confirmation page where we will send people who are obviously qualified and then we will have an unqualified uh page for typically like a drop cell.
(03:39) We still want to capture people. Most organizations that we work with in terms of a best practice on call funnels. They'll have setters that dial the unqualified people and they'll have setters and or closers that dial the most qualified people that schedule straight into their calendars. There are certain instances where we will actually withhold the data from firing back from the pixel automatically completely.
(04:05) That's not the majority of the time that we'll do this. It's a minority, but still when we got to do it, we do it. So what we'll typically do for the qualified standard event that we'll optimize for we'll use schedule and or we'll use complete registration. Generally at scale we'll use both as we will implement the best practices of cyclic campaigns which I talk about inside of courses like my master internet marketing community and course which you can find a link for down in
(04:32) the description. So, long story short, on the qualified confirmation page, schedule and complete registration will fire off back to the ads manager and signal that somebody was qualified. However, there are instances where we'll get unqualified people to hit that pixel. And when we get that kind of feedback from the sales team, what we'll do instead is we will not send back any standard event through the pixel itself.
(04:56) What we'll do instead is we'll use the conversion API and we'll link the CRM with those different deal stages that exist. So, usually in a CRM, you have a bunch of different stages in your pipeline that your salespeople drag and drop people between. As an example, you might have applied and didn't schedule, scheduled, no show, you know, etc.
(05:18) These kind of things for the pipeline stages. Now, what we ideally want is for the sales rep to just simply move somebody in to this magic little deal stage right here, which is they scheduled a call or they applied, don't care, they were qualified. Okay? So, if a salesperson can signal after talking to somebody, this individual was actually qualified, that's obviously the highest qualifications like metric that we can possibly get a salesperson feedback.
(05:47) So then what we'll do is we'll take this person who is in that qualified bucket and we'll push them back to the ads manager through the conversion API. So we have a slight delay in the signal that gets sent back to that results column. We don't want to have too much time in between this because if you understand how advertising works, you'll know already that when that results column in the ads manager remains empty, that algorithm, that AI is going to rotate to a different audience until it
(06:21) starts to get data back into the results column. Once data officially starts rolling back in, and it doesn't even take a lot of data. If you have a marketer that says, "Oh, it takes like 50 or 100 people to come back before it starts to do what?" Jeremy says they're operating like a [ __ ] barbarian.
(06:38) They have historic hindsight bias for how things used to be, how things are literally right now. It takes a couple people, that's it. A couple people to come into that results column, signal to that AI and that ads account who it needs to go after next to start heavily biasing towards people that have data points most similar to those individuals that are converting.
(07:01) So again, we're either sending back people from here that are qualified or we're sending back the people from the CRM that were qualified and marked qualified by the salesperson. This up here is done through the pixel. Okay, this here is done through the conversion API. And some of you are going to ask, oh, do I do one or the other or do I do both? You could technically do both.
(07:25) However, in most instances, the only reason we're going to do this is because we are getting feedback from the salespeople that we are having people that were marked qualified that are actually unqualified. So, we'll let the sales people manually attribute it back, ideally in a tight time frame, push the data back to the results column, help the ad account go after people who are actually qualified.
(07:44) It all starts with pixel conditioning. That's the moral of the story. This is an initial best practice you must follow. Now, back to my point. The direct response ads are pretty standard. you don't we don't have to do a lot of fancy things to get the calls booked. Okay, we're still seeing a large quantity across almost all markets and offer types for high ticket products and services that are still wanting to just jump on calls with people.
(08:06) Okay, so this funnel is still very strong as a conversion mechanism and and like I said, it's still used extremely frequently across almost every deal that we do that hits million-dollar months. Okay, here's the thing, though. Most people make pretty shitty direct response ads that have awful messaging inside of it that attract a lower quality person.
(08:25) So, the biggest thing that you're going to consistently see as a theme throughout this video and hear as a theme throughout this video is that you're dealing with unqualified people. And that obviously holds back to rorowaz and the potential of scaling up this funnel to the big million-doll months. You have to handle quality.
(08:42) Okay? So messaging ends up being one of those massive levers in terms of this is going to get more qualified people through the door if executed successfully. So one of the most common ways that I get exposed to unqualified or bad messaging direct response ads is through the people who initially join into my inner circle offer.
(09:04) So in the inner circle we do twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, quarterly inerson masterminds in the group chat full of rich people trying to get richer. And we also do this thing in the inner circle where typically every Tuesday I'll sit down and I do this thing called the marketing funnel marketing automation and ads review where all the inner circle members have the ability to submit their information into a document which I will then review on a Tuesday and I'll sit down right here and I'll film a video just going through their
(09:28) funnel, going through their ads and going through their marketing automation. And it's always the people who just join that don't implement these best practices we're talking about yet that make these mistakes the most. A great example of this, there was a guy recently doing around 300k a month that joins in.
(09:43) He has an offer that's $10,000. And I won't again, I won't sit here and tell you about the offer itself, right? But just a $10,000 offer. And the guy is in the service niche, okay? High ticket service. And you know, in the headline, I mean, dude, this this funnel this guy had was so [ __ ] And the ads that were paired with it were also so [ __ ] It was awful.
(09:59) Uh, it was all income claims. So, and they were audacious income claims at that. They were like, "Hey, we'll help you get to 10K a month in 90 days guaranteed or we'll give you a,000 bucks." Uh, we had people that that same exact guy and like many people like him that initially just joined in are are just again making like horrid income claims.
(10:19) Income claims guarantees. These are two examples of really really low-level sophistication tactics that attract absolute dumpster diving turds into your funnel and onto your calendars for your salespeople to talk to. Uh, everybody that's rich, like you sitting here right now is a perfect example of that, rich and trying to get a fuckload richer than you are right now.
(10:41) You know, guarantees are frivolous [ __ ] Why? Because a business can just go bankrupt, right? The person doesn't have to follow through on the guarantee if they declare bankruptcy and are legally voided of that responsibility. They don't even have to offer the guarantee to just [ __ ] you, of course. But that's not my point.
(10:58) It's like rich people know when you're trying to sell to somebody who's going to buy a $10,000 offer. It's like a guarantee does not create certainty. A guarantee does not create confidence. A guarantee essentially signals to the people that are the most skeptical that they can have safety.
(11:14) So, what you're actually getting as a buyer type is a highly skeptical individual that feels safe in the fact that you have a guarantee. The people who are actually sophisticated buyers that are typically more financially welloff, they look at guarantees and they just think, "I've been [ __ ] by so many people who have offered guarantees before and still haven't gotten the outcome or my money back.
(11:32) " Like, you know, that can't be true. They actually look at it as like it creates an objection. Okay, income claims are another great example of that. Super low, sophisticated tactic. No serious person is going to be highly responsive to income claims. Take this exact channel as a perfect example of that. Okay? I constantly say in every single video that I create, the US Bureau of Labor Statistics says that you have a.
(11:55) 1% probability of hitting $10 million a year, let alone the even smaller probability to get to $12 million a year, aka a million dollar a month. And I constantly reiterate, I say I don't make income claims on this channel. I'm just handing down the lessons from people who have hit million-dollar months to just give you different things that you could think with and things you could do that just yeah, they should improve your business, but I make an income claim associated with it.
(12:18) I don't sit here and tell you, "Hey, watch my channel and you'll hit a million dollars a month." I do the exact opposite of that. Okay? Why does that attract a higher quality person? We get people all the time routinely that come through our funnels already. our exact buyer demographic that we seek, doing a couple hundred grand a month, meeting our minimum thresholds to buy our different offers.
(12:39) We have guys that come through our funnels that already do a million a month that are trying to tack on the next million a month. Why? Cuz I'm actually honest with them. I set a realistic expectation. I tell you the truth, okay? Does that negate the fact that you likely still with the utmost certainty believe it to be possible for you to hit million-dollar months? You see what I'm saying? I don't need to tell you, oh dude, we're going to offer a guarantee to do something that has a 0.1% probability less than that. It's
(13:05) like, no, dude. I tell you the realistic expectation. I can't guarantee the work you need to do with the [ __ ] I tell you to go do. I can't guarantee your consumption to go through the fuckload of material that I can provide to you. But what I can do is provide it to you. That's what I can guarantee.
(13:20) I can guarantee you I'll give you the sauce, but I can't guarantee you'll do [ __ ] with it. You get what I'm saying? that creates an opportunity for more sophisticated buyer who's much more financially well off to be responsive to it. So anyway, the point I'm trying to make, messaging, okay, messaging is one of the number one things that creates huge discrepancies right off the bat.
(13:37) And that exact example I was providing to you prior to talking about my inner circle example where I'm talking about the guy saying, "Oh, dude, we can get you to 10K a month in 90 days. We guarantee it. We'll give you $1,000 if we don't." It's like the guy then follows up by saying, "Oh, and I've sold $100 million in product.
(13:55) " How much of a [ __ ] skeptic do you want to make people before they even touch the funnel? All of what I just said was said in the ads and then reiterated in the funnel. It was It was insane. It was insane. And thank God they actually listen to what I'm saying. They immediately started seeing better quality people come through their funnel implementing everything we're going to talk about in this video.
(14:13) But like one of the things that they bitched about when they first joined in was, "Oh, they have like a 30 something% show rate and they're getting nothing but turds on their calendar." And then they're shocked. Why? You see? So again, point being messaging changes. Okay? Things like saying, "Oh, I've done $100 million.
(14:29) " Nobody [ __ ] believes that, you know, and if they do believe it, they're asking themselves a question right after. Well, why are you trying to help me hit $10,000 a month then? You see, don't create objections for people, you know, in your messaging. Generally, the best practices for direct response is is very simple. It's hooked.
(14:45) You have your body and then obviously you have your CTA. And one thing that we actually just recently created, it's actually one of my favorite documents. I had a client, very high level client that was asking this question. They wanted to have a direct response ad creation framework.
(15:03) So, I made a 56page document going through all of those best practices. And then, listen, like I said, we sell to rich people. You know, we're not naive to what y'all want. So we made a too long didn't read version of it that came out to six pages in comparison to 56. Okay? And we give all of our inner circle members, clients, consulting deals, all of those best practices.
(15:23) But again, the simplest like framework for direct response ads, hook, body, call to action, right? And you can work in messaging strategically throughout that. I gave a perfect example to one of my clients that wanted to attract people who were stuck at somewhere around seven figures a year. The lowest qualified person they wanted was like high six figures a year in income.
(15:43) And you know even greater than that they wanted to ideally take those high six low seven figure earners to eight figures a year. Okay? And they had this scaling workshop that they implemented to do so. And I told them in their ads is a perfect example of messaging. I used one of my own offers where I say, "Hey, if you're stuck around low couple thousand dollar a day in ad spend and every time you try to scale up to go bigger, things fail.
(16:06) Your costs climb dramatically. Your rorowaz drops. Pay attention." That'd be a great example of me calling out people who are likely around a couple hundred grand a month and want to hit million-dollar months without just saying in an extremely direct way, hey, are you around six figures a month and you want to hit seven figures a month? Pay attention.
(16:27) describing the conditions of our ideal customers, okay, is a far greater tactic comparatively to just saying some of the extremely direct ways of calling them out, okay? But again, without going and just turning this entire video into a messaging best practices class, I want to stick to the callunnel best practices, but I can't glaze over the fact that messaging matters so much so much to the type of person you're going to bring in, both in the direct response ads and in the actual funnel itself. Okay.
(16:54) One thing that we've also recently tested and that I'd love to share with you in this updated CallFunnel best practices video is the length of time that we're actually seeing people consume VSSLs has gone up dramatically. So, one of the inner circle members, Mr. Daniel Fazio, you may know him on Twitter as u like like black co email wizard I think is his Twitter name.
(17:14) You can also find him on a secondary profile under his actual name himself there. Um good long-term inner circle member at this point. He had done a speaking gig here at one of our recent inner circle masterminds. He was awarded a million dollar a month trophy after hitting it in late Q4. Anytime somebody hits a million dollars a month in the inner circle, we give them a big trophy and we let him do a talk sharing how they got there and some of the best lessons.
(17:39) In that talk, he shared adding chapters to a VSSL just like what you see here on this YouTube video below. You'll find that as you can just drag your mouse over it or if you're on mobile device, you can just click the video and see all the little chapters there and do the same thing where you kind of scrub your finger along the little uh you know control the time bar and you'll see what is talked about and when it is talked about.
(18:00) He implemented that in his BSLs and he saw a huge lift in overall retention and people coming through more qualified as a result. That was in Q4 at that inter no I'm sorry that was at Q1. So very early January of this year that he did that talk. We've since immediately implemented it across everybody that's running a call funnel.
(18:17) We encourage it as one of our best practices. So, so shout out to Daniel for that specific tip. But to be clear, that increased retention dramatically cuz typically what you saw if you actually use a platform like Wistia or Vidalytics that gives you insight into the behavior of your users on your videos and your VSSLs, you'll notice that people typically jump around or people watch the first part and then they leave.
(18:39) The chapter titles being implemented obviously caused people to still jump around, but it also enabled them to go back and watch very specific parts or skip parts that they deemed they didn't need. Typically, lower IQ dumb people like to argue, "Oh, well, I don't want to have a chapter title on my video because then people are going to jump around.
(18:59) I don't even want the control to be on the video. I want everybody to watch it exactly how I've presented it." Okay. Anyway, I won't sit here and call you dumb, but uh that is a stupid argument. Okay? Cuz in reality, that's just not how humans behave. Okay? When somebody thinks that something's for them, they're going to just go apply and go through the funnel.
(19:17) When somebody thinks it's not for them, they're going to leave. If they get bored in the middle of watching your VSSL that you likely got them to through direct response advertising, again, they're going to leave because they don't give a [ __ ] about you yet. When you give them the opportunity to scrub through it with the different chapter titles of when you're talking about what in the video, you give an opportunity for them to scrub past the [ __ ] that you think they need to consume that they don't
(19:38) care about to get them to the point of what they actually think they need to know, which ultimately leads them to have a higher probability to take the action, which is applying and then scheduling a call and coming through better framed. If you struggle with thinking that people need to consume the VSSL in its entirety to get them to show up qualified, pay very close attention to the rest of this video and ultimately combine all these best practices that we're now going to speak on to help overcome that troublesome thought that
(20:08) you have. So, the next thing that we found works extremely well currently is confirmation page best practices. So, we've called these the uh due diligence best practices recently where we've really stepped up helping people do their research prior to getting onto a call.
(20:29) So, typically on a confirmation page, okay, if we just treat this like a giant confirmation page here, we'll typically have some type of like confirmationbased headline like just demonstrating to them like, hey, you know, your call's booked. And once we get past that part, we generally have a few things on the page. So, we have a video here.
(20:47) This video typically has a video thumbnail as every single VSSL you ever have should. This will also have those chapter titles that we discussed from that tip that Daniel provided. And then from there, there's two main sections that we're going to create. Okay? So, one of these sections is what we call breakout videos.
(21:04) So, look at it like this. Everything that happens on your sales call that your sales people don't like having to talk about or that they notice is a pattern of people showing up and wanting to talk about and just asking like common questions that consistently come up. Those should be individual breakout videos.
(21:21) All the things that you want to have made clear in your VSSL that you're consistently pissed and upset about saying, "Oh, people aren't watching my VSSL, so they don't show up qualified." Great. Take those specific things that you want people to know before a call that are from your VSSL, make breakout videos for them.
(21:41) You might end up having anywhere from four to upwards of 12 plus of these types of videos. Okay? They end up being anywhere from like 30 seconds to all the way up to maybe 5 minutes long. Okay? In addition to the things that the salespeople have coming up and the things you want made clear before they show up to the call from the VSSL, you also typically want to handle things like objections, expectations, and some of those four quadrants that we've talked about routinely from my hammer them content strategy.
(22:14) We have entire videos on this channel dedicated to the hammer them sequence, and we'll also talk about it lightly here in a moment. However, they also make for great breakout videos right here on the confirmation page. Okay, these videos help people do their research. That's the intention of them.
(22:32) They help people understand the things that your salespeople are otherwise having to talk to them about. They also help improve the show rate dramatically. Because here's the thing, you'd think that, okay, well, people are booking a call. Obviously, they want to show up and they want to talk to us.
(22:48) That couldn't be further than the [ __ ] truth for most of these people and that's why your show rate is so bad. You aren't actually addressing the things that come up between them booking the call and the actual call time itself. So that ultimately leads them to have an extremely low priority on showing up and doing other things.
(23:07) Instead, we have to after they book the call, sell them on why they need to show up and overcome the questions that they have before they actually show up. Okay, I use this great example of a company. I've talked about this many times on this channel where I I have a lovehate relationship with taxes.
(23:24) I love them because I spend so [ __ ] much on taxes that consistently drives me to make more money and I like to think that, you know, okay, I'm contributing to the country that I live in and you know, I like I said, I love them from that perspective. I don't love them at all because it costs me so much money and a lot of the things that have recently come out that my country spends money on really pisses me off.
(23:41) Okay, I digress though. I saw an ad. company from Dubai said, "Hey, we can create a corporation for you here in Dubai. You can flow all of your income through that corporation and establish residency here and have a bank account here. We'll set it all up for you. Done for you service and that'll offshore your profits.
(23:58) So therefore, you'll zero out your income and therefore you'll zero out your taxes owed in the good old country you're from." I saw that ad and I was like, "Yeah, that's for me. [ __ ] yeah." I book a call. It was 9 days out from the time I booked the call, which is extreme anyway.
(24:14) that has a dramatically high probability of getting a really low show rate just based on how far they booked me out. But whatever. Okay. Once I booked a call, it opens a cycle. Okay? It opens a cycle of like something I'm now anticipating I have to talk about in the future, which makes me want to do research on it to see if it's worth my time or not.
(24:30) Okay? Or if I don't do any research on it, by the time the call comes around, I just think to myself, well, do I got more important things to do that day? Yeah. Okay, great. I'm going to do those instead. So, it's really one of those two situations. either a lack of research was presented before the call or they did research on their own and they determine what whatever you're going to talk to them about just isn't for them or something else comes up on that day and they deem whatever you're going to talk to them about as a much lower probability and
(24:52) priority comparatively to everything else that they'd otherwise do in that day. Okay, those are the main two situations that cause low rates. Okay, the Dubai company that says they can offshore my profits and zero out my taxes. They don't send me a [ __ ] lick of information, like nothing in the nine days, just super basic reminder emails which almost all of you fall victim to.
(25:08) you think, "Oh, I've got some pre-all email sequence." It probably [ __ ] sucks, okay? And that's why your show rate sucks. So, even if you have one and you have a terrible show rate, don't sit there and gaslight yourself into thinking that it's good when your show rate sucks ass.
(25:23) Okay? If you have a good show rate, just skip this part and go to the next part. Okay? Anyway, back anyway, back to the point I'm trying to make. Okay? What we noticed is is when we help people do their research and like do due diligence on what they're trying to talk to you about prior to the call, they show up. They show up.
(25:40) They're further along in the sales process and we can answer those questions right here on the confirmation page. We can answer them in the email sequences that follow them up and we can answer them in the content remarketing that we're going to do through the hammer them strategy.
(25:53) This Dubai company didn't do anything. Literally nothing. They just sent the generic like, "Hey, here's a reminder to your call coming up." So, guess what I did? I did the research and I found that that claim was utter [ __ ] I'd have to renounce my US citizenship and move somewhere else, get citizenship or residency in that other place in order to avoid the taxes.
(26:12) Okay? If I offshore my profits, I still owe tax dollars on those is the moral of the story. Okay? As a US citizen, that's the case for me. Might be different for you. I know I have a relatively large international audience, so I'm not projecting that that's your use case. I'm not trying to give you tax advice either.
(26:29) I'm just more so saying what I researched ultimately helped me conclude that call would be a total waste of my [ __ ] time. And because the company didn't help me in any way, shape, or form do research, I deemed it as this isn't worth my time. They didn't even try to reach out to me. I didn't get a single selfie video from the sales rep.
(26:42) I didn't get any communication from the sales rep. Nothing. Not even an automated text to try to engage me before the call. Literally nothing. So obviously, I didn't show up and I did the research on my own. Okay. So, for the people who are going to do research, okay, why not help them do their research? And that all starts right on the confirmation page with those breakout videos.
(27:06) The main confirmation page video should be relatively short. It's like, hey, congratulations. You booked your call. Really excited to talk with you. We view it from here forward between now and your call to help you understand this whole thing as much as we can to get you as much information as we can that's actually beneficial to your buying process.
(27:23) By the time you get to the call, we ideally want you to be in or out. That's our objective. It's okay. We're not trying to press you and say like you have to buy on the call. That's not the case. We just want to do our best effort to get you as informed as we can between now and then. So, from here forward, you're going to see a bunch of emails from us.
(27:40) You're going to see some content that answers those types of questions. And right here on this very page you're on below this video, you'll see a bunch of those. We provide plenty of examples of confirmation pages like this, of email sequences like that, and of content examples inside of our inner circle offer where we do twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, quarterly in-person masterminds, and a Telegram chat, our community platform full of rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer. We audit the ones that
(28:06) you create. We even watch the videos that you have. I watch them and a few other people will watch them, too, and give you some added perspective. That way, you can make sure you execute this right. whether you're going to take action on this kind of stuff just from watching the YouTube video or not.
(28:19) Need I not say that you obviously have a much higher probability of getting the results you're after when you actually pay us money because we'll give you a lot more information here. We withhold a tremendous amount of stuff just like examples and a few more best practices that we obviously only talk about once you actually pay us money.
(28:34) We're very good at understanding the game. You give us money, we need to make you more money than what you give us and make sure you're satisfied. That way, the time that next charge comes, you're going to have a smile on your face when you see that receipt email. Okay, back to my point.
(28:48) The other thing that you want to have on this page is obviously testimonials. Testimonials need to be believable. They need to be the average, okay, of your actual result that you're going to help people get. And they should ideally be below the breakout videos because the breakout videos, what we've noticed, have a far greater impact comparatively to just testimonial videos.
(29:09) Okay? Don't be afraid, by the way, to make some long- form content to pepper in there for your breakout videos. But ideally, you answer the questions that the breakout video is about or the research portion of the video is about right at the front of the video if they're going to be longer form.
(29:24) Try to make like a too long didn't read version of it first and then try to expand on it a little bit after. That always helps a lot. Okay. So in addition to the confirmation pages as I mentioned we have a very aggressive researchoriented email sequence that we're going to send out to people and that's a part of that hammer them strategy that we are going to encourage everybody to implement. Okay.
(29:46) So this email sequence can be as high give or take your audience of about six emails a day. Keep in mind that would be 18 total emails assuming that you have a 72-hour duration of time between the person booking and the person showing up. One thing I want to comment on that is a current callfunnel best practice is potentially intentionally spacing out the amount of time between a call booking and the time of the call itself.
(30:11) Instead of just allowing people to book within a day, sometimes allowing them to book 2 days or 3 days out can be the most ideal booking window. That way you can get a lot of this information off prior to the call. If you consistently get salespeople that say things like, "Oh, the leads are unqualified.
(30:26) " First of all, try to get a lot more articulate feedback from your sales team. End of day reports, true articulate feedback can be extremely powerful for what it enables you to do as an organization. Implementing call funnels and trying to scale them up. Okay. Some good feedback that we've typically gotten from sales people when we don't implement all these best practices is that people just feel too early in the sales process on certain offers.
(30:50) If you're targeting like a really inmarket demographic and those people are already very far along and just ready to buy, that's tremendous. You don't have to do a lot of these best practices. You can get away with that. If you're targeting people and you find yourself having to, you know, convince them or just like work them to the point where they're further along in the sales process, then you want to follow every single best practice that I'm laying out here for you.
(31:11) In order to get people further along in that sales process, okay? You have to follow these kinds of things, the research, the testimonials, the hammer them content remarketing with the right type of content that people actually want, the types of questions that they have answered, not the types of questions you think they need to know, but the real questions they actually have.
(31:29) These things work phenomenal for that kind of stuff. So anyway, an aggressive research email sequence. I know six emails a day might sound like a ton, okay? But remember, when people actually want the information, we see open rates on this upwards of 60 to 70% for every single [ __ ] email that goes out. When you combine that with what we call these like research SOPs, these like FAQ documents and these breakout videos that you also work into your email sequences and your content remarketing campaigns.
(32:02) Okay, these become incredibly valuable that also ultimately get consumed a lot prior to the call. Same exact logic I provided for the confirmation page breakout videos just repurposed here inside of your actual email sequence. Okay. Now, in addition to all of that, we have the hammer them strategy. So, the hammer them strategy is incredible when it comes to helping people show up a lot better framed and further along in the sales process than they otherwise would be without all this information.
(32:32) Um, to be clear and just very light on it, since we already have entire videos on this channel dedicated to the hammer them strategy, we typically do 30 to 50 pieces of short form. We try to do about 20 to 30 pieces of long form content and we try to retarget people within the key window anywhere as low as about 15 times as high as about 20 plus times in terms of the ideal frequency.
(33:00) And one thing that I notice, and this is typically from the people who try to implement things from my YouTube channel and then eventually buy my stuff where I get to see this scenario play out. Like you'll try to do what I'm articulating, but you'll do it extremely halfass. Um, I just want to be really clear when I say this, right? I have not gotten to these numbers by accident or by just making them up.
(33:23) Okay? I've tried it with far less content. I work with busy, rich people for a living. Okay? The last thing I ever try to do for that demographic is overwhelm them with a ton of [ __ ] that I need them to go and film. I don't have that luxury with almost every person that we work with. So, what I've noticed is is that people try to execute this in a really halfass way.
(33:44) Like, I've come into an account where, as an example, they have like 23 pieces of long form content and they're not really getting the outcome of the hammer them strategy. They only have short form. They don't have long form. They're not hitting the minimum frequency target within that time frame.
(34:01) They're just again, they're just halfassing the strategy. So, you don't get the outcome as a result of that. You get the outcome of people showing up much further along in the sales process with all the common questions answered and being a lot better framed when you actually execute the strategy to the fullest extent of how I articulate it. Okay.
(34:18) I also want to be really clear, although yes, I try to articulate it to you as best I can here in a very light way to try to put you on game and help you make more money and just get better results in your business. That way, when you do eventually spend money with us, it's house money. You know, like you already went and profited, you're just using some of the profit dollars to spend money with us eventually.
(34:37) I want to be clear when I say this, the hammer them strategy SOP is tremendously long, okay? and it's full of examples and how-tos and like all the technicals and it also has all of these links to tons of content examples. The other thing that I see is without me or somebody else within the community actually giving you perspective on whether you're making the right hammer them videos and you're you're proactively creating and using the right content that actually answers the questions. you executed in the dark
(35:06) is what we call it and just on your own. Um, you typically get [ __ ] results because you're making very poorly executed content with questions, objections, and expectations that people just don't actually give a [ __ ] to know. You have to use content in all of these steps I've talked about.
(35:24) The emails, the the research FAQs and the SOPs, okay, the hammer them content, the breakout videos on the confirmation page. All of these have to be things that people going through your buying process genuinely give a [ __ ] to know. If you just use random [ __ ] that you poorly come up with, okay, just truly I've seen so many awful like so far off from what your buyer would actually want to know kind of stuff.
(35:53) And then you wonder, you're like, "Oh, I'm not my show rate's still shit." It's like, "Well, yeah, no [ __ ] You did an awful job at executing it." You know what I mean? So anyway, execute it right. Do all these things. It's like it's damn near [ __ ] impossible not to have at least 60 to 70% show rates.
(36:09) When you do all of it the right way and not just some of it that you feel like halfass doing. You get what I'm saying? So anyway, the outcome of this specific part of callunnel best practices is improving show rate and making people show up further along in the sales process. Okay. The other big thing that we also use here is what we refer to as trust assets and sales assets.
(36:34) Okay, so these two things, same thing. I have entire videos on this channel dedicated to just these two topics. And in the video, I talk at length about a capital raise client that we have where they had plenty of very financially qualified, accredited investors showing up to their sales calls, that just had a lot of very honest and real questions that needed answered.
(36:59) And every time these types of questions would come up, this specific organization, this client, they would proactively make new trust assets. Like as an example of one of the sophisticated questions that that demographic would have, people would show up and they'd be like, "Hey, can you show me of the last like two years worth of deals you've done, what the amount in invested has been, what the time has has been that has gone by, what the amount of cash uh whether it's cash on cash return, whether it's like equity that they rolled into the next deal,
(37:28) whether it's like month-on-month cash flow they've generated. Like how much is an average investor put in? How long did it take? How much did they get out of it? What do they on average do with it? What's like your reinvestment rate of your average investor? You know, what's the average amount that people are putting into your projects? Can you talk to me about your failed deals that you've done? Can you talk to me about the worst deal you've done, the best deal you've done, the average deal
(37:48) you've done? Can you introduce me to like all the people on your team? Can I fly out and like meet you guys? Can I do a walkthrough of one of your project sites? You know, there's just like all these really highlevel questions that when you turn them into trust assets, these are like very wellexecuted videos.
(38:05) They don't have to be super high production. They don't even have to be this good. They just have to be like a loom going through the actual data of what people want to know. When people are saying like, "Oh, I want to go visit visit a project site." It's like, "Well, guess what? this specific business.
(38:18) Every time they would visit a project site, they would just do a [ __ ] walkthrough video and they would show people all kinds of different stages of projects because they constantly go around to the different projects they have, both completed ones, both the in development ones and the ones where they just have a [ __ ] plot of land and are going through the permitting process.
(38:35) this specific organization started putting on little microphones and walking into the local municipalities for the permits that they needed approved and would have like GC's and all the subcontractors on the property doing walkthroughs and you know articulating like walking through [ __ ] blueprint plans with architects and and designers and things like this uh going through the materials that they'd purchase, where they'd buy them from, whether those things were going to be impacted by things like tariffs now
(38:59) that we're in this current economy. You know, it's like there's all kinds of [ __ ] that they made and we call those trust assets and sales assets. Okay? And for different organizations, obviously those look completely different. But my point being is like this combination, okay? This set of trust assets and sales assets, all these videos like the research SOPs, the FAQ documents, those videos, the confirmation pages, all the emails, these also all become things by the way that the salespeople can
(39:26) manually be sending out to people as well. So the other main thing that we've seen drive a ton of lift, okay, and this is very important to understand, lift in show rate, people being further along in the sales process, shorter sales cycles, okay, manual followup from the closer with information like this.
(39:49) Okay, I constantly tell clients, I constantly tell inner circle members, I constantly tell students in our course community, one of the number one influences of show rate and people being further along in the sales process is a salesperson successfully establishing communication pre-all.
(40:07) Okay, that doesn't mean an hour before the call. That means as soon as the call gets assigned to them, ideally within those first few hours max, there's a real human being, not a [ __ ] automated bot from a green text, not one of those new [ __ ] blue text softwares that's still using a notreal person's phone number.
(40:24) A salesperson from an iPhone texting the lead before the call has the highest delivery rate straight to where the person pays attention to the most, their text message inbox. And even greater than that, they send a selfie video. Okay, huge impacts on show rate and how far along people are in the sales process by a salesperson establishing communication prior to the call.
(40:50) These people should obviously look trustworthy. They should look good. They should be presentable. They should sound professional, but more importantly than anything else, they are helpful. They are researchoriented. They're just trying to solicit communication prior to that call. Okay? Just like everything else that I consistently talk to you guys about, I have entire best practice SOPs dedicated exclusively to show rate best practices, okay? Four sales teams to use.
(41:21) And I can't stress it enough. Buy one of our products. Okay? The link is in the description in this video. You have offers like our inner circle offer which are for rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer and for master internet marketing members who would like to join in as either training their staff or training themselves on all the best practices from a digital marketing perspective that we've learned over the years.
(41:50) both have extensive libraries, dense amounts of information, access to all the SOPs we've created, and in addition to that, access to Jeremy AI, the ability to ask and get answers whenever you want in either video calls, voice calls, or written with you messaging it. People have used it for ad ideas, writing ad copy, writing landing page copy, creating webinars, creating VSSL scripts, just talking to it about understanding the course material.
(42:18) It is not one of those frivolous surface level [ __ ] AI offers. It is extremely valuable. Trained on a decade of every single It is trained on over 4 million data points just to put it in perspective for how much information and training material exclusively from me we've uploaded into it. It's not some [ __ ] chat GPT rapper or claude rapper. It is Jeremy AI.
(42:44) The development, the function, the benefit, the outcomes it's helped with are wide. It is very very beneficial to organizations from what we've seen at all income ranges and we include those in all of our offers. Again, there's links in the description for both of these opportunities and I would actively encourage you jump into them.
(43:03) They'll be a lot more helpful than the YouTube videos that you're currently consuming. And think about it like this. The YouTube videos have been extremely helpful. I'm not one of those people that says, "Oh, I don't have anything to sell you." I've got a ton of [ __ ] to sell you.
(43:17) I would love for you to spend money with us. That's why I like to make these YouTube videos. And here's the craziest part. You won't even understand this until you're eventually in the paid product of your choice. I withhold damn near 90%. I could talk about this exact same video in length to the inner circle members or in the master internet marketing group and I add 90% more to it with examples and all kinds of additional insight that I'll never provide for you here on YouTube.
(43:42) But you'll still obviously get a ton of perspective here on this channel that you don't get from anywhere else. other people charge you for this level of information I'm giving you. I'm telling you as transparent as I can that this is 10% of the [ __ ] that I can teach and talk to you about. Think about that.
(43:57) Go down into the description, pick a link of your choice and check out my offers and opportunities that might be best for you because you need them. You need them. So anyway, callunnel best practices. Okay, we have this combination of all of these things we've talked about so far. Okay, and you must do all of them, not some of them, all of them in order to really maximize show rate.
(44:18) people showing up on the calls much further along comparatively to what they will be without these best practices. And you have to understand it continues on from here, my friend. We have all the post call best practices. In addition to that, we have sales training for the calls itself. But hey, I got [ __ ] to do and you got [ __ ] to do, too.
(44:38) Pick a link in the description for which product's going to be best for you. I look forward to helping you a lot more than I've done here just in this video. I hope if you've gotten value that you're going to subscribe to the channel and check out some of my other videos. Again, everything that we talk about on the channel is passing down lessons from the million-doll a month earners that we've worked with and helped get there and just passing them down in little bite-size lessons like this to you. Looking forward to helping
(44:59) you get richer and uh talkTranscript:
(00:00) hello and welcome to the video my name is Jeremy Haynes and I've been an agency owner operating in several niches where I've gotten businesses to a million dollars a month now for over a decade one of my favorite go-to advertising strategies SL like funnel strategies in order to get high ticket businesses to that level is typically a call funnel okay just to be clear I Define a call funnel as we are trying to get a application filled out to qualify somebody the qualified person then is allowed to schedule a booked call in
(00:29) some instances depending on the business and the availability they will take the unqualified people and they'll still downsell them to other things typically through Setters ideally there's also a team of Setters that can reach out to people who are qualified in the application but didn't schedule for whatever reason and once again the people who are qualified from the application are then scheduling calls directly with closers that process paired with a high ticket solid offer one of the best most predictable and
(00:53) reliable ways to hit a million dollars a month it's simple math and as I mentioned it has one of the highest probabilities out of any other funnel right now especially once again for any kind of high ticket product or service um to hit that level I'm going to go through in this video some of the core lessons that make that funnel work I'm going to also go through some of the core lessons that make that funnel not work and by the end of this I hope that you have a lot more confidence and certainty in this specific advertising
(01:17) slf funnel strategy in order to go out there and crush your million doll months okay so let's dive in and let's get started straight away so to be clear when it comes to call funnels that get to a million dollar a month I just want to be clear it all starts with a great offer if if you've got a offer just stop watching this video and just go make yourself a great offer you have to have an offer that is solid okay otherwise there is so much friction that you're going to encounter by friction I mean your sales team's
(01:45) going to have a harder time selling your sales process is going to be super long like multi- weeks to multi months long your uh marketing costs are just all going to be higher like cost per call cost per qualified call quantity of people that actually show up like every cost just goes through the roof length of time and like sales statistics also fall dramatically once again when you just don't have a great offer whereas in comparatively if you have a great offer all marketing stats are really low cost per calls really low cost per qualified
(02:11) calls really low cost per showed up calls really low show rates are high close rates are high sales Cycles are short it's it's dramatic once again just based on offer so if you've ever tried to call funnel you experienced like a lot of friction and you're thinking to yourself like oh my marketer sucks or like oh my sales team sucks just to be fair that could be true I'm not saying it's not true okay you could have a shitty marketer you could have a shitty sales team that's definitely probable to
(02:33) happen however more times than not you just have a terrible offer um terrible offer meaning people just don't want it you know it's not something that's in demand it's not something that people already have a lot of beliefs and opinions and ideas about it's not like a need it's more like a want you know and you got to convince people of it that's going to create a hard time here just to be clear okay now assuming you do have a great offer let's Dive Right into what makes this work okay so first of all
(02:53) ideally you have a high ticket product or service okay High ticket I typically Define as anything that's above 5K and I just want to be clear to all my big dogs out there uh we work with you too and we've gotten a lot of results inside of that space I'm just talking minimums here which I don't typically like to talk in $5,000 is generally the lowest in terms of uh once again what the cost should be sometimes sometimes you can get away with $3,500 however I like to work with 5K minimums okay and to be clear there's
(03:23) really no cap in terms of how much you can charge like we've had people that we raise capital for that run call fun that without exaggeration you have to be a credited investor and you have to have a minimum of a million dollar to even talk to these guys and we get 46% of that person's leads to come through with 5 million plus so as an example there's no cap okay in terms of what you can charge what you can generate for a product or service cost now assuming once again you have a great offer you have a high
(03:48) ticket product or service okay there's a few variables that make this work number one is great marketing now to be clear when you're selling to a richer demographic and I have an entire video by the way on how to sell to a rich demographic and I have a completely different video on how to advertise to a rich demographic when it comes to advertising to Rich demographics or whoever you're advertising to that's specifically going to buy whatever High ticket product or service you have these types of funnels are generally direct
(04:12) response marketing and it's important to note when I say this that they incorporate content advertising like little propaganda machines and I named this specific strategy the reverse fly trap I also have other content ad strategies for bigger versions of this where we incorporate what we refer to as the tornado um the hammer them strategy like there's some specific strategies that we have that we specifically have on the client side right now that uh in the coming weeks and months as we continue to develop them further and
(04:40) just you know make sure that they're continue working at at a scale across many niches we'll reveal them to our Inner Circle students and then we reveal them out to our Master internet marketing students that follow so long story short the content ad strategies are typically paired with our direct response strategies all right now long story short when I say great marketing okay great marketing means that your hidden kpis you ideally have this entire call funnel start with a very like desirable for everybody cost per call
(05:08) add varies give or take what you're selling and all the other statistics that follow you map this out with first of all a cost per application you then have your cost per call you then typically have a show rate you then have a close rate these stats ideally in terms of like cost per application and cost per call I care much more about the cost per call than I do a cost per application I generally will optimize the entirety of my campaigns towards only sending data back to the pixel that is a qualified scheduled call I don't
(05:42) even like to send the qualified applications back to the pixel unless they booked a call I don't send anybody that's unqualified back to the pixel that way we play into pixel conditioning okay we make it easier to have great statistics I've seen cost per calls that range as low as 50 all the way up to 900 and they can still be deemed as a great rate cost per call it depends on all these other statistics that follow if I have a show rate that nowadays usually the lowest average show rates are about
(06:07) 50% nowadays the highest show rates are generally like 70 to 80% give or give or take the business now to be clear if your show rate is higher you can tolerate a higher cost per call if your show rate is lower you have to tolerate a lower cost per call if your total cost your aov the actual amount that you cash collect this being higher obviously leads to you being able to experience higher cost per calls lower show rates lower close rates and everything still works out tremendously profitable for you in the business to be clear you want
(06:37) to mathematically quantify all this stuff in a financial model and these statistics are what you want to model it out with we have our ad spend up here we take that we look at how many calls we're going to generate based on the cost per call we look at how many people are actually going to show up and talk to the closers we then look at that total close rate percentage for how many people are actually probable to buy after they show up we then take take that amount of people that buy we multiply it times the quantity of
(07:04) dollars that we're generating in the business and we spit out the total amount of gross rev that gets generated and we take that we look at the ad spend that we put in and we say okay great we then want to factor out commissions to everybody first of all sales team potentially marketers in terms of rev shares uh we want to factor out the expenses of the business and then we want to get our net okay and our net obviously needs to be greater than what our ad spend is in order for this whole thing to work out mathematically in our
(07:33) favor if your marketer is not doing like that you have the wrong marketer because you can financially project out profitability just by plugging in these statistics that we just covered here and if you start off with that and you're aware ahead of time of what the kpis need to be within the call funnel every one of these statistics from marketers and salese can then be held accountable to achieving those statistics okay this all has to work out mathematically before you even go into it so once again we'll then start doing direct response
(08:00) advertising assuming the math checks out our direct response advertising is generally very simple we have ads that are typically 60 seconds to 2 minutes long in some instances they're a little longer depending on the demographic if for selling to rich people they're shorter if for selling to a less financially qualified demographic then we're going to make them a little longer um to be clear Those ads are very simple it's hey we've got this offer or this product or service this is why people
(08:22) like you need it call to action go talk to our team about it schedule a call and we'll go through all the details with you you're generally getting somebody when it comes to marketing that's in a few different levels of Interest okay you have ideally in terms of where deals get done this is the highest level of Interest the lowest level of interest is typically curious your sales team will hate talking to curious people however most leads and you know most sales people sales people obviously need
(08:50) to operate with the highest level of Interest possible in order for a deal to get done that barrier of Interest has to be crossed both parties have to be at the same level leads will typically start somewhere between curious and the level above that which is just general interest okay general interest is interesting because they will come off as like warmer than a curious lead but the sales team will typically still interpret them as cold the sales people has to be framed on two things and so does the marketing team this lesson
(09:16) applies to both we have to be able to take leads and successfully incrementally work them up level by level together the sales team and the marketing team combined have to work these interest levels up and there's typically once again like two to four interest levels that you have to incrementally bump people to so the intention of the direct response in a call funnel is to generate a qualified scheduled call now just to be clear before I digress the funnels that we're going to drive the traffic to are
(09:43) typically and literally this simple we'll have our headline we'll typically plug in what we refer to as a mini webinar and these mini webinars are are a structured templated presentation that we typically have our clients create they're usually about 5 to like 15 minutes in length and they're very direct they're structured in a very particular Way Beyond that what we'll typically do is we will have our application below that and our application is usually on type form uh we like type form because it integrates
(10:14) with cly and we can dramatically reduce our drop off between the application and the scheduler if your scheduler and application are separated typically you're going to get a 50% drop in the quantity of qualified people that apply that schedule you'll just get 50% of them that just won't schedule a call versus if the application and the scheduler are together and this is a very important lesson here and and this to be clear once again in terms of like the tech is type form and cly type form has a native cly integration some of you
(10:50) guys I know you're sitting here listening to this and you're like oh I can do a go high level application and then a separate scheduler that is breaking the lesson I just talked about will get a 50% drop some of you will use like a a HubSpot you know the HubSpot people that spend so much money on their crms every year they are just they hate having to spend money on any other software when they realize that HubSpot still didn't do as promised and achieve the all-in-one CRM so they don't ever have to buy another
(11:19) software again remember it's as simple as this type form and caly in this case have a integration together where when the person is going through the application they fill out the application and they don't leave to another page just if they're qualified you have a logic tree that's created and then if the person's qualified they'll go to the step in the logic tree that's the caly scheduler embedded right there inside of the application to the lead it looks like this is just a step they have
(11:46) to accomplish in order to technically submit their application so if they get that far in the application process and they fail to schedule the call when it's integrated into the application then they look at all that time they just went into the application is wasted so there's a really really high probability I do not exaggerate when I say this it is damn near 100% or like 99% that will fill out the application and then schedule a call you will mitigate the 50% drop off with qualified people not scheduling when you integrate with that
(12:13) specific Tech setup so like I said headline mini webinar vssl or or in some cases just a vssl if the client's really good at shooting that kind of stuff and then an application that has the scheduler embedded into it that way the rest of our funnel is this simple we then drive people to a simple confirmation page so after they book The call it's like a confirmation SL like thank you page this page usually has a fuckload of information on it it has a bunch of framing material it has like some general information on just making
(12:41) sure they show up it's important to note like the laziest marketers who are the literal worst what they'll do on their confirmation page is they'll tell clients and they'll like make the confirmation page like make sure you show up to the call like make sure you show up like don't waste time like show up to the that suck that is like terrible marketing you have to be able to persuade and sell tell people to show up to the call that's a critical thing that has to occur between the booking
(13:04) and the time that the call actually occurs so we have a whole strategy I'll refer to here in a moment but my point being the people are qualified they're going to a confirmation slth than you page that has a lot of Education a lot of like video lessons a lot of framing lessons when they've booked a call don't just assume they're sold remember the interest benchmarks they're likely just curious or have a general interest level you are now responsible for working them up to a great greater Point within that
(13:30) Spectrum so that all starts on the confirmation page that's like step one of the process okay step two of the process is your marketing Automation and then to be clear kind of happening at the same time and this is this to be clear is your emails and your texts and then in addition to that like at the same time you start to deploy a Content ad strategy okay now let me dig into both of these real quick so you can understand them the the emails and the text this is a high frequency okay much higher than you are likely comfortable
(13:59) with I in my background have learned that as an example if I have 48 hours okay so if I have a total of two full days okay where this is when the call occurs and this is when they schedule okay this specific window I am going to Hammer these people with as much framing content as much education content as I possibly can and like I said I'm going to do that via emails text and my content ad strategies and I'm going to do so at a very high frequency so as an example I have a client right now where I have an email
(14:30) going out for the 12 hours from like 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. every 2 hours and then their average call happens within 48 hours so in the first 24 hours there are six emails that get sent to that person okay and that's just in the first half of the day so it's like 6:00 a.m. to uh to 6:00 p.m.
(14:48) once again 12 total hours I'm sending six emails once every 2 hours the second day in addition to the first day I'm sending another six so within this 48 hours there's a total of 12 emails okay okay the texts I'm using for the reminders the emails are not reminders the emails are framing and education content okay the emails and this is so important to understand like some of you sitting here that are just trash at what you do you you sitting here and you're like oh my God that's so many emails like what the hell am I
(15:15) going to say like that's that's so aggressive no you're misunderstanding when somebody has a level of Interest that's just curious or general you have to do so much like we see our statistics when we do the 12 emails no exaggeration between like 50 and 80% open rates people eat this up before a call I'll give you a great example I hate taxes okay I hate them I pay so much in taxes it's an obscene amount I won't sit here and bore you but my point is as I'm sure you do too you hate taxes okay I
(15:42) live in the United States where I get absolutely milked I'm just a little tax cow that just continuously gets milked every quarter and that's my job as an American citizen is to pay for like you know a single missile every month with my tax dollar okay or like a pothole repair or some ridiculous amount of money we spend now my point being I got advertised an opportunity Dubai the promise in the ad was hey if you're an American citizen we can create a company in Dubai you can take essentially all the money that comes
(16:08) through your company and move it through this Dubai entity and therefore you'll zero out your American tax dollars because you won't report any profit within the United States all of your profit will be reported in Dubai and your Dubai profit to be clear won't be taxed now to be fair since then they've introduced a 9% corporate tax rate I digress my point being at the time this was a 0% tax country country and state within that country so I thought to myself all right great sounds like a cool opportunity like let me schedule a
(16:34) call with them and I'm interested I hate taxes uh would love to hear them out now the call booking was way longer than 48 hours it was like a week away from when I booked the call so they had a full 7 days where they could have hammered me with a shitload of education and framing material obviously when you can start to kind of understand what I'm saying here you can realize like there is a lot of questions objections and like General things I need to know like like how does that work can you send me any kind of
(17:01) like testimonials or case studies from people that are similar to me that have like made the amount of money I've made that like have done this too and actually like had a few years passed by since they've done it and say like yeah I haven't got in trouble I haven't gotten audited like nothing bad happened you know it work like dude they didn't send they didn't send me any framing material they didn't try to overcome a single objection that was probable to come up on the sales call
(17:20) before the sales call they didn't do anything essentially sell me and increase my interest level before this call so I go out which anybody does this is the mistake that businesses make when they don't Hammer people when they do not put the content in front of the lead the lead will find the content regardless or they won't find anything in their interest level will fall back to I Don't Give a levels of Interest they won't show up if you struggle with a with a show rate issue you are not selling people on showing up
(17:46) so in this case I start doing my research I watch like a handful of videos and I I go back and forth I think with chat GPT I also asked my tax attorney and my tax accountant and they all told me the same exact thing the videos told me the same thing Chad gbt told me the same thing my tax professionals all told me the same thing they said nope that's not going to work you're going to be you still have to report your foreign earnings and you're going to get taxed on it and you also increase your probability of audit
(18:08) tremendously going from the amount that you've reported within that legal entity for the business down to zero the following years like you know you you open yourself up to historical tax liability as a result of doing that and future tax liability of doing that in terms of the audit results and you know it's it's a terrible idea so in that 7 days that was what I was framed on okay and the company didn't do anything to provide me material or education to bias me in their favor so I don't show up for
(18:34) the call my interest level goes from like Curious SL like general interest to zero I don't care I'm not showing up anymore wasted time and that company probably sits there and they're like oh my God like why is our show rate so low because of that like people don't just sit around for things that they want they do research they look up they see if it's going to be a good idea or a bad idea regardless of whether you're giving them the information or not when somebody starts a process like
(18:56) potentially getting on a call with your organization like yes this is not a lot of emails 12 emails within 48 Hours you might think is a lot dude I would have gone through literally all 12 emails in every video they sent within those 12 emails in in a day if they would have sent them to me from how much money that tax problem C causes me on a year-over-year basis it is a high priority for me to solve that problem the leads who are in that kind of position they appreciate that stuff they want that stuff the emails they just
(19:22) can't be the stupid selfish like hey you got a call coming up like make sure you show fre scheduled call that is the worst worst way to go about doing it what you have to do is you have to send educational framing based material that is actually helpful to your lead's research process that is what you want to supplement them with you want to supplement them with what they would otherwise look up what is a lead probable to look up testimonials reviews thirdparty reviews and not just like hey look at this guy who made this
(19:51) amount of money like in-depth verifiable I can click on a link and DM the guy on Instagram or message him on LinkedIn or some like that and Conta that lead in between me and that call coming up you know like real not like things that look easily fake like real testimony when I say value and education what I'm trying to say is once again like research based information take the actual objections take like the process that occurs after they buy walk me through like the timeline for stuff give me an expectations video like tell me once
(20:19) again like what's probable to occur what's good and bad about it you know like be transparent help me do my research that's what those emails are for the texts are for reminders you don't do as many texts we might do like four texts you know the day of confirmation a 24-hour out a 2H hour out and like a 5 minute out like a 10-minute out and the text Will incorporate like hey here's the link to join the zoom you know it'll be a little different for each one but we'll make sure that they
(20:41) get at least four texts if it's a 48 hour example if it's 72 hours we'll typically add a fit text so the content ad strategies this is where we will take a dynamically updating list we'll put it into Facebook and Instagram sometimes Tik Tok as well and we will Hammer these people so as an example of this I have a client right now their average frequen quency is 11 within 48 hours that means I hammer people with 11 pieces of content within a 48 hour period of time I typically take about 25 total pieces of content okay and I put
(21:11) it in to a campaign that is optimized for engagement I then go to the ad set level and I make sure that I have one piece of content inside of each ad set okay and I do that so I can add an exclusion audience to each ad set for the video within that ad set that essentially means just to keep it simple as soon as somebody sees that video 3 seconds or more they never see that video again and they'll immediately be rotated into one of the other 25 videos that I'm trying to hammer them with okay in addition to that the targeting is
(21:41) very simple I will take a customer list of the emails and phone numbers ideally first and last name as well of the people who are scheduling calls within a rolling window for whatever the sales cycle timeline is okay so as an example if the show ratees within 48 Hours okay on average I might do like a 4day audience for this and it depends as well on the volume that you're working with like we typically work with a high volume of calls when we do deals cuz you know we're trying to make a fuckload of money for the client and our and
(22:06) ourselves to be clear though like when we first launch a client like we might have to do a longer timeline we might have to do like a 3 we or a 4- week audience for this customer list because to be clear we might not have more than 100 calls so if we don't have a 100 people in that customer list that have successfully matched meaning Facebook can Target them out of all those people you uploaded then you're not even going to be able to use that audience in you're targeting so whatever amount of time simply put is your answer here like
(22:31) you want to create in your marketing automation essentially a way to dynamically add and remove somebody from that very customer list in that defined timeline so as an example let's just let's just say it's 3 weeks okay so you have at least 100 people on a rolling 3we basis that'll always be in this audience at a minimum ideally more okay and with that audience in my marketing automation like active campaign HubSpot go high level like pretty much every CRM does this besides the shitty ones okay
(22:57) you can also do this in zap you're in the instance that your marketing automation software can't do this okay however what you're going to do is you're going to add in your workflow the actual marketing automation itself you're going to say okay so when somebody books a call first thing we're going to do is we're going to add them into the they booked a call audience on Facebook and Tik Tok okay and then once they go into that audience 14 days from then or 2 weeks from then or whatever
(23:17) time timeline it is for you they're going to be removed from that audience that's what dynamically updating is it means people get added people get removed automatically via the marketing automation okay now I'm going to take content that helps with three main things framing objection handling and the same things that we talked about in the emails I'm going to do education I'm going to do a little bit of like the get to know you I'm going to try to help them with testimonials I'm going to do
(23:44) everything I can anything that's essentially what makes sense to put inside of that campaign I'm going to put inside of that campaign as many pieces of content I as I have and as many pieces of content that I can create okay now to be clear all of this is typically once again about a 48 hour window ideally for them just getting hammered that way we get there in interest levels incrementally up because you know what the sales people love the sales people love when somebody comes to them that is typically at this point or
(24:14) higher okay they'll take people at general interest or higher but if they talk to anybody that's lower than that they're going to articulate them as like oh this person wasn't interested you know like this person's not hot enough like they're going to say a bunch of like that you want to make sure that you Hammer people as the marketing side of okay now long story short this combination of what I've already talked about if you if you like literally just do this stuff and you have one of the
(24:35) worst sales teams on Earth they'll still have a tremendous time because you'll essentially turn them into cashiers when you do this they're just going to be order takers and that's ideally the job of the marketer the marketer's job is to make it as easy as they possibly can on the sales team simple as that okay to be clear what happens in addition to the good marketing obviously we need great sales people okay we need proper structure in this whole thing we need sales people that have proper sales man
(24:58) management consistent sales training accountability the bottom sales people get fired and are not tolerated more than like a month the sales people have like high morale the salese aren't getting overpaid like they understand they need to get way richer than whatever amount they max out at every month their highest month needs to be looked at as like not enough they need to be in a Perpetual state of like I need more money I need to close people I need more deals you know what I mean they need to update the CRM the sales
(25:23) team needs to go out of their way and do manual things that help the show rate process like send selfie videos introduce ing themselves actually take the time to update the pipeline stages in the CRM follow up with people you know and sometimes this can be done by a Setter or a cleaner um there's all kinds of stuff you could do but I just want to be clear you got to have a great sales team if you've got a great offer you got great marketing and you got to properly run wellmaintained great sales team with
(25:46) some talented people in there dude you're going to have an awesome time you're going to increase your probability to hit a million a month so simply okay the last little caveat to this just to close this video out and I talk about this quite frequently if you haven't noticed and you've watched some of my other videos you have to do the scaling math okay with a call funnel it's really easy to be able to ask the closing team hey how many call slots are available per day are you already maxed
(26:10) out are you a little bit below it are you nowhere near it and you then as the marketing side of the business you've got your responsibility is to obviously max out the total quantity of available call slots in a day and when you successfully do that or you get close to it the sales team's job is to hire new Setters and new closers before or like it's a very fine balance here okay that I'm trying to articulate to you as the marketing team pushes the total quantity of book calls to damn near the limit
(26:38) nothing can move after that once the hard limit of total calls per day available to book into is reached like it's over you can't scale beyond that until New closers are added and as almost all of you sitting here know who have gone through this process before and you know for a fact it takes a good couple weeks like you got to recruit train ideally get them on a few calls with a person and then you can put them on the calendar fully and and that takes like 3 4 weeks sometimes so you have to be able to like right before you're
(27:04) about to get fully booked the marketing team has to be able to relay to the sales team like hey I noticed you're about to get fully booked the sales team needs to confirm it and then they need to be like all right well I can fully book you out within like 2 weeks you know at based on my current scaling math So based on that like you need to start hiring somebody and you need to get them trained and onboarded in 3 weeks that way we only have like a few days of downtime and not being able to scale the most ideal scenario is is you're scaling
(27:30) perpetually you never have a window where you have to like stop scaling because the sales team has to hire more people the sales team aren't going to want to hire more people though especially if you're working with a sales agency because their reputation's on the line like they need good top talent and if they can't fill that person's calendar in in a very short window like the top talent's not going to want to work for that organization so long story short it's like a fine balance of the sales team is going to
(27:52) naturally have an incentive to like wait until they're maxed out to actually go and hire somebody but if the sales team does that you're not going to be able to scale for like 3 to 4 weeks so the sales team has to be comfortable with essentially once again hiring ahead of time that way by the time you do actually hit the limit right away you can bring on another person a closer into the scheduler so then the scaling process can perpetuate from there I'm telling you now you do all this you have a really high probability to hit a
(28:14) million a month and then some like you you can scale Way Beyond that our highest clients do 5 million a month with call funnels to be clear the other reason I I just love call funnels they're so predictable they're so predictable as long as everything continues to hold they're just they're one of my favorite funnels by far so anyway long story short if you want literal examples of call funnels if you want me to review your call funnel if you want me to go through like scaling math with you if you want me to like
(28:34) just audit everything you got going on share email examples with you go through detailed content examples of what you need you got to pay the boy okay you're going to come into my inner circle program if you're rich and you want to get a whole lot richer you got to pay 2K a month or whatever the price currently is cuz we may have had to jack it up if there's a lot of interest on it give or take the time you're watching this video in the future my point being twice a month one-on-one calls weekly group
(28:55) calls on topics just like this in even more detail today is Saturday I did a call today our weekly group calls are on Saturday it's an hour and a half long we went through video by video by video one of my clients doing a couple million dollars a month for the exact content that they used and we as a group went through each other's content ensured that they all understood how to turn around and go take action on it so they could use that set of lessons immediately and go film and get it in motion we go through the detailed
(29:21) tactics obviously how to set it all up and all that fun stuff we do four times a year masterminds in person we record them all if you can't come in person that's fine you can watch them later on it's it's the best program it's the best program if you're rich and you want to get a whole lot richer I'm excited to welcome you in if you're the right kind of person if you're not financially qualified for that yet or you just don't really want to be a part of it yet I have my master internet marketing
(29:40) program which goes through all kinds of information like this in extreme depth it's a 7we live class uh give or take the time of year that you join if we're not doing a live class you'll get access to the most recent cohorts recordings and you'll have immediate access to go through hours and hours and hours of in-depth information like this and you'll get added into that Community I'm really excited to help you out and help you get a whole lot richer yourself hopefully you join into one of those if
(30:00) not like subscribe comment we'll watch a few more videos and uh go get a whole lot richer talk soon